feat: add append only iceberg table (2.4) (#448)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: store/iceberg-table-engine.mdx

## Features and considerations

### Append-only tables

<Note>
Added in v2.4.
</Note>

You can create an [append-only table](/sql/commands/sql-create-table#append-only) with the Iceberg engine.
This option has implications on the data storage and streaming.

> - For normal tables, RisingWave will keep a copy of the table in the row format, in order to support streaming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For normal tables, RisingWave keeps a copy of the table in row format to support streaming
```
